---
title: 2024 - Year in review
description: Highlights
date: 2025-01-07
lastmod: 2025-01-07
showTableOfContents: false
tags:
  - agency
  - blog
type: post
---

## Learned A Lot

2024 was the most productive year. Ever since I got my agency incorporated in 2023, it somehow changed the way I work. I tend to do things much more careful.

It opens up to how I approach things, from a whole new perspective to be sustainable and enough room to grow.

There are many iterations of workflow templates, as I am wearing a lot of hats. Most of us would probably start hiring already at least getting freelancers to help out if not hiring on payroll.

I'd like to think otherwise, see, I like to make use of tools I have, and the most valuable tool to me at the moment is, non other than (Notion)[../posts/notion].

I have created multiple formulas curated to the data-sets that I find useful keeping track of. Also, though It may sound like a downside, I have detailed information linked together just so that I could stay within budget without effecting the quality of websites.

Turns out, it is a whole-unified system of ERP, Inventory, Processes, Products, and so much more.

Without even me realizing how far I have already been.

## Honorable Mentions

All this is impossible without the support of the first few websites I created for my friends and family, not to forget, their initial investments as well.

We got 25% profit margin just this year alone which is impressive for me, at least for the beginning. If I continued with freelancing I wouldn't be as disciplined as I am today in terms of keeping records and planning things.

2025, is the year I will take things a lot slower to fully optimized workflow tasks and quadruple the growth rate by 2026. Believe me, I am going to make this work.

For now, this is only what I have to share. Thank you.

> - *Post Changelogs*
>   - *7th Jan 2024 - Publish Date*
